[W-21231057] Update redirected links in docs-mule-runtime (#3264)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/creating-and-managing-a-cluster-manually.adoc

Replace `<n>` with the next highest sequential value from the `wrapper.conf` file.
+
[NOTE]

> You can find more information about the pool configuration of the `ComboPooledDataSource` Java class in https://www.mchange.com/projects/c3p0/[this article].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about the pool configuration of the `ComboPooledDataSource` Java class in https://www.mchange.com/projects/c3p0/[JDBC3 Connection and Statement Pooling].
```
